Unknown thing
I think you are courting death
I warned you.
I am the Dragon Shadow Guard
The little patriarch under Lord Ren
You killed me.
Is to be the enemy of the entire Dragon Shadow Guard
Dragon Shadow Guard
OK, then you call the employees over
I'd like to see if he has the guts
You stinky trash picker
Dare not to yell at the old employee
Why don't you dare to scream, you dare not scream
I'll call Gu Yuan
Is Longyingwei a waste collection station?
Can you investigate clearly before hiring people?
I don't know who is in trouble
I'll give you 3 minutes.
Clean the door yourself
Hahahaha
Acting like that?
3 minutes to clear the door
Who do you think you are?
Do you think you are Lord War God?
If you say call the adult employee over, call him over
Is it possible
You won't know in a while
Okay, I'll do it for you, boy
I see if you can really put it
Lord Gu Yuan called back
Hahahaha, laugh as much as you like.
You won't be able to laugh when Gu Yuan comes
Even if Lord Gu Yuan really comes
I will only throw you into the sea to feed the fish
It's not certain who will throw it into the sea to feed the fish
Grasshopper
Believe it or not, I'll dump you on the gossip now
Throw it out stop